Get rid of allow + -ing (#5045)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTreeList/1 Configuration/onNodesInitialized.md

The root node.

---

> Use this function to modify the [node fields](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/4%20Node '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Node/'). You can traverse the tree using the [forEachNode(callback)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/3%20Methods/forEachNode(callback).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Methods/#forEachNodecallback') method or implement your custom algorithm. Within this algorithm, start traversing from the root node, which is available via the function parameter's **root** field.  Every node, including the root one, provides access to its child nodes in the **children** field, which allows to traverse the whole tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this function to modify [node fields](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/4%20Node '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Node/'). You can traverse the tree using the [forEachNode(callback)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/3%20Methods/forEachNode(callback).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Methods/#forEachNodecallback') method or implement your custom algorithm. In a custom algorithm, access the root node first - use the function parameter's **root** field.  Use the the **children** field to access first-level child nodes. Do the same for every node in the collection. Thus you can traverse the entire tree.
```
